Docs: Revise hedging configuration block descriptions (#5069)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/configuration/_index.md

[container_name: <string> | default = "cortex"]
```

> ## hedging

Reviewer: We should standardise on whether we include the `_config` suffix; it's a bit inconsistent right now. For example, the few lines above this:

```yaml
  # Configures backend rule storage for Azure.
  [azure: <azure_storage_config>]
  # Configures backend rule storage for GCS.
  [gcs: <gcs_storage_config>]
  # Configures backend rule storage for S3.
  [s3: <s3_storage_config>]
  # Configures backend rule storage for Swift.
  [swift: <swift_storage_config>]
```

I agree with your approach, but perhaps we can correct this in a subsequent PR?

Author: Definitely, @dannykopping . I was attempting to only address hedging-related configuration in this PR.

The `hedging` block configures how to hedge storage requests.

The hedging implementation sends a second storage request once a first request has
been outstanding for more than a configured expected latency for this class of requests.

> Calculate your latency to be when 99 percent of object storage requests have 
> seen responses.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we should provide an example query here.

```promql
histogram_quantile(0.99, 
  sum(rate(cortex_gcs_request_duration_seconds_bucket[5m])
) by (le))
```

I think we should stick with referring to percentiles here as this is a commonly-used term when discussing latencies.

```suggestion
Calculate your latency to be the 99th percentile of object storage response times.
```

Author: I've revised the description of the percentile.  Let's push off the task of adding an example for later, as I'm unclear on the future and use of the Cortex metric.
